---
layout: post
time: 2014-08-07
title: argument_answer
category: 
keywords: 
tags: 
description: 
---

In this argument the author concludes that the observatoin-centerd method used by Dr.Field 20 years ago is invaild as well as his conclusion and the author's new interview-centered method is much more accurate understanding the traditions in Tertia and in other islands cultures. The conclusion is based on the fact that the author's team make a interview-centered research in the groups of islands that includes Tertia and the conclusion overthrows the Dr.Field's. This argument is unconvincing because it suffers from three critical flaws: First, the research made by Dr.Field was twenty year ago and it just can't be compared with the recent research directly. Second, the author's recent research is just not in Tertia alone, it includes group of islands, so the result can't respresent the cultrue of Tertia. Third, the research made by Dr.Field is  an example of observatoin-centered method and just one wrong example can't deny the whole method.

Comparing the recent reaearch with the reserach made in twenty years ago, the author want to prove his new interview-centered method is better than the observatoin-centered. It is not convincing, however, the culture may changed in the last twenty years. For example, there is no online chat twenty years ago and now every one chats online, it changes the way of communication and it changes the traditional culture of wiritng and mailing.Similarly, the culture of Tertia may have changed, the children may reared in another way, we just do not know. Unless the different researches are made in the same period, it can't be used to effectively back the author's argument.

Making the research in group of islands which includes the Tertia, the author come to the conclusion that the children spend much more time talking about their biological parents, further more, he claims that Dr.Field's conclusion is invaild. As a matter of fact, this reasoning is not clear. The author's researching area is not only in Tertia, but includes other islands which maybe different from the Tertia, so the conclusion can not represent the culture of Tertia, just like we can not use the survey made in NewYork to respresent the whole Amercian. In order to get a accurate conclusion about the culture of Tertia, the author should make a research just in Tertia.

Based on the fact that the author's interview-centered method gets a more accurte conlusion in Tertia than the observatoin-centered method, the author concludes that the interview-centered method is better than observatoin-centered method. If all the researches made in interview-centered method are better than the researchs made in observatoin-centered method, this may be true. However, this argument can not provide these facts. The research made by Dr.Field is just one example of observatoin-method, even if its conlusion is wrong, it can not prove the method itself is wrong. The factors of a research are varied, for example, the people observed or interviewed, the questions asked and the time of observatoin or interview etc. All these factors can effect the conclusion, so in other conditions, the observatoin-centered method may get a better result than the interview-centered method. To draw the conclusion, the author should provide the evidence that all the research in interview-centered method if better than observatoin-centered method.

In conclusion, this is a weak argument becacuse of the reasons mentioned above. The author compared two researches which are different in time and area to draw his conclusion, this reasoning process is weak and unconvincing. To strength this conclusion, the author should guarantee that different researches are made in the same circumstance and give full data report about these two methods.
